smoother workflows (#95)
r-hub/blog: content/post/2020-04-29-maintenance/index.md

Both approaches have their pros and cons.
I like labelling because you can't really make a typo, and it doesn't clutter the PR conversation, but you can hide comments later on whereas you cannot hide the labelling event from the PR history so really, to each their own.

{{< figure src="prcommanddocument.png" alt="Screenshot of a GitHub Action workflow" link="https://github.com/r-hub/pkgsearch/issues/98" >}}

This example is specific to GitHub and GitHub Action but you could think of similar ideas for other services.

### Run something _before_ you make a change

Let's build on [a meme](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/tired-wired) to explain the idea in this subsection:

*  :zzz: Tired: Always remember to do things well
*  :electric_plug: Wired: Use continuous integration to notice wrong stuff
*  :sparkles: Inspired: Use precommit to not even commit wrong stuff

The git version control system allows you to define "pre-commit hooks" for not letting you e.g. commit `README.Rmd` without knitting it.
You might know this if you use `usethis::use_readme_rmd()` that adds such a hook to your project.

> To take things further, the [`precommit` R package](https://lorenzwalthert.github.io/precommit/) provides two sets of utilities around the [precommit framework](https://pre-commit.com/): hooks that are useful for R packages, and usethis-like functionalities to set up hooks in projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To take things further, the [`precommit` R package](https://lorenzwalthert.github.io/precommit/) provides two sets of utilities around the [precommit framework](https://pre-commit.com/): hooks that are useful for R packages or projects, and usethis-like functionalities to set them up.
```

Reviewer: I think this makes it more clear that hooks are not just for packages.
